readme.md, before:

# Refinery CMS Blog [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/refinery/refinerycms-blog.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/refinery/refinerycms-blog)

Simple blog engine for [Refinery CMS](http://refinerycms.com). It supports posts, categories and comments.

This version of `refinerycms-blog` supports Refinery 3.x and Rails 4.1.x.  To use Rails 3.x / Refinery 2.1.x use the [refinerycms-blog "Refinery CMS 2-1 stable branch"](http://github.com/refinery/refinerycms-blog/tree/2-1-stable).

Options:

* Comment moderation
* [ShareThis.com](http://sharethis.com) support on posts. To enable, set your key in Refinery's settings area.

## Requirements

Refinery CMS version 3.0.0 or above.

## Install

Open up your ``Gemfile`` and add at the bottom this line:

```ruby
gem 'refinerycms-blog', git: 'https://github.com/refinery/refinerycms-blog', branch: 'master'
```

Now, run ``bundle install``

Next, to install the blog plugin run:

    rails generate refinery:blog

Run database migrations:

    rake db:migrate

Finally seed your database and you're done.

    rake db:seed

## Developing & Contributing

The version of Refinery to develop this engine against is defined in the gemspec. To override the version of refinery to develop against, edit the project Gemfile to point to a local path containing a clone of refinerycms.

### Testing

Generate the dummy application to test against

    $ bundle exec rake refinery:testing:dummy_app

Run the test suite with [Guard](https://github.com/guard/guard)

    $ bundle exec guard start

Or just with rake spec

    $ bundle exec rake spec

## Additional Features
* To limit rss feed length, use the 'max_results' parameter

        http://test.host/blog/feed.rss?max_results=10

## More Information
* Check out our [Website](http://refinerycms.com/)
* Documentation is available in the [guides](http://refinerycms.com/guides)
* Questions can be asked on our [Google Group](http://group.refinerycms.org)
* Questions can also be asked in our IRC room, [#refinerycms on freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net/refinerycms)

Commit message:

Order of gems in Gemfile
Add information that gem 'refinerycms-page-images' should be after gem 'refinerycms-blog' in Gemfile.

readme.md, after:

# Refinery CMS Blog [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/refinery/refinerycms-blog.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/refinery/refinerycms-blog)

Simple blog engine for [Refinery CMS](http://refinerycms.com). It supports posts, categories and comments.

This version of `refinerycms-blog` supports Refinery 3.x and Rails 4.1.x.  To use Rails 3.x / Refinery 2.1.x use the [refinerycms-blog "Refinery CMS 2-1 stable branch"](http://github.com/refinery/refinerycms-blog/tree/2-1-stable).

Options:

* Comment moderation
* [ShareThis.com](http://sharethis.com) support on posts. To enable, set your key in Refinery's settings area.

## Requirements

Refinery CMS version 3.0.0 or above.

## Install

Open up your ``Gemfile`` and add at the bottom this line. If refinerycms-page-images extension is also installed, make sure the line come before gem 'refinerycms-page-images'


```ruby
gem 'refinerycms-blog', git: 'https://github.com/refinery/refinerycms-blog', branch: 'master'
```



Now, run ``bundle install``

Next, to install the blog plugin run:

    rails generate refinery:blog

Run database migrations:

    rake db:migrate

Finally seed your database and you're done.

    rake db:seed

## Developing & Contributing

The version of Refinery to develop this engine against is defined in the gemspec. To override the version of refinery to develop against, edit the project Gemfile to point to a local path containing a clone of refinerycms.

### Testing

Generate the dummy application to test against

    $ bundle exec rake refinery:testing:dummy_app

Run the test suite with [Guard](https://github.com/guard/guard)

    $ bundle exec guard start

Or just with rake spec

    $ bundle exec rake spec

## Additional Features
* To limit rss feed length, use the 'max_results' parameter

        http://test.host/blog/feed.rss?max_results=10

## More Information
* Check out our [Website](http://refinerycms.com/)
* Documentation is available in the [guides](http://refinerycms.com/guides)
* Questions can be asked on our [Google Group](http://group.refinerycms.org)
* Questions can also be asked in our IRC room, [#refinerycms on freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net/refinerycms)
